Add executor footnote for executor selection limit (#4075)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/configuration-reference.md

environment | N | Map | A map of environment variable names and values.
{: class="table table-striped"}

> <sup>(1)</sup> exactly one of them should be specified. It is an error to set more than one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<sup>(1)</sup> One executor type should be specified per job. If more than one is set you will recieve an error.
```

Author: Makes sense, I will update the footnote where I copied this note from as well 👍
